README.md, before:

# Make an IoT Weather Station with ARTIK Cloud

Let's build a weather station that sends temperature sensor data to ARTIK Cloud using REST. The IoT device consists of an off-the-shelf sensor, Arduino UNO and Raspberry Pi.

Introduction
-------------

The blog post [Make an IoT Weather Station with ARTIK Cloud](https://www.artik.io/blog/2016/08/make-iot-weather-station-artik-cloud/) at https://www.artik.io/blog/cloud/ describes what the system does and how it is implemented.

This repository contains the following software:

 - A Sketch program running on the Arduino
 - A Node.js script running on the Raspberry Pi

Sketch Program for Arduino
-------------

The code is located in `dht11` directory. Consult [Set up the Arduino and the temperature sensor](https://www.artik.io/blog/2016/08/make-iot-weather-station-artik-cloud/#arduino) in the tutorial to install the packages and to run the program on the Pi.

Nodejs Program for Raspberry Pi
-------------

The code is located in root directory. Consult [Set up the Raspberry Pi](https://www.artik.io/blog/2016/08/make-iot-weather-station-artik-cloud/#raspberrypi) in the tutorial to install the packages and to run the program on the Pi.

More about ARTIK Cloud
---------------

If you are not familiar with ARTIK Cloud, we have extensive documentation at https://developer.artik.cloud/documentation

The full ARTIK Cloud API specification can be found at https://developer.artik.cloud/documentation/api-reference/

Peek into advanced sample applications at https://developer.artik.cloud/documentation/samples/

To create and manage your services and devices on ARTIK Cloud, visit the Developer Dashboard at https://developer.artik.cloud

License and Copyright
---------------------

Licensed under the Apache License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/artikcloud/sample-iot-weatherstation/blob/master/LICENSE).

Copyright (c) 2016 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.

Commit message:

SAMIDE-585 Enhance README to remind people to do setup at ARTIK Cloud before trying the programs

README.md, after:

# Make an IoT Weather Station with ARTIK Cloud

Let's build a weather station that sends temperature sensor data to ARTIK Cloud using REST. The IoT device consists of an off-the-shelf sensor, Arduino UNO and Raspberry Pi.

Introduction
-------------

The blog post [Make an IoT Weather Station with ARTIK Cloud](https://www.artik.io/blog/2016/08/make-iot-weather-station-artik-cloud/) at https://www.artik.io/blog/cloud/ describes what the system does and how it is implemented.

This repository contains the following software:

 - A Sketch program running on the Arduino
 - A Node.js script running on the Raspberry Pi
 
Before running the above programs, make sure you finish [setup at ARTIK Cloud](https://www.artik.io/blog/2016/08/make-iot-weather-station-artik-cloud/#connect-to-sami-its-free-really)

Sketch Program for Arduino
-------------

The code is located in `dht11` directory. Consult [Set up the Arduino and the temperature sensor](https://www.artik.io/blog/2016/08/make-iot-weather-station-artik-cloud/#arduino) in the tutorial to install the packages and to run the program on the Pi.

Nodejs Program for Raspberry Pi
-------------

The code is located in root directory. Consult [Set up the Raspberry Pi](https://www.artik.io/blog/2016/08/make-iot-weather-station-artik-cloud/#raspberrypi) in the tutorial to install the packages and to run the program on the Pi.

More about ARTIK Cloud
---------------

If you are not familiar with ARTIK Cloud, we have extensive documentation at https://developer.artik.cloud/documentation

The full ARTIK Cloud API specification can be found at https://developer.artik.cloud/documentation/api-reference/

Peek into advanced sample applications at https://developer.artik.cloud/documentation/samples/

To create and manage your services and devices on ARTIK Cloud, visit the Developer Dashboard at https://developer.artik.cloud

License and Copyright
---------------------

Licensed under the Apache License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/artikcloud/sample-iot-weatherstation/blob/master/LICENSE).

Copyright (c) 2016 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
